death they have grief there's
plenty hope there's precious little
talks of ceasefires and peace plans pass
the people of Gaza by survival is their
only
concern reports suggest an Egyptian
proposal to Halt the fighting could be
in the offing but Israel's prime
minister has warned several times this
will be a long War the fight
the nation and the government we are all
United and determined to fight until the
end Netanyahu has been visiting troops
in Gaza his aim for the war free the
captives destroy Hamas neutralize the
threat from Gaza more than 80 Days in
there's been little apparent success
netan has two
goals one to stay in
power uh he's facing a lot of uh
corruption charges and trials and and he
wants to stay in power his second goal
is to prolong the war in order to
achieve unachievable goal which is to
destroy
Hamas there's been growing International
pressure on Israel to stop the war on
Hamas to free the
captives in Tel Aviv one protest both
messages neither side seems ready to
give leaving the open question What
would final deal to stop the fighting
look like at the moment it seems that
there are not just an there is no isy
solution there is no solution at all
because the two sides are you know
uh sticking to their uh old dogmatic
rigid positions uh the room for
compromise is is is very narrow almost
nonexist and um no one knows what will
happen Israel says it will move on to a
less intense phase of the war when it's
ready but that could still be weeks away
and as politicians and diplomats draw up
peace plans there are those Alive Now
who may not live to see it Alan fiser Al
jazer in Tel Aviv